README.md, before:

hoccer-talk-puppet-configuration
===========================

## Requirements

* Ubuntu 14.04 LTS minimal install

## Production Setup

The following steps install all packages, dependencies and modules required (including this repository) and apply the puppet configuration. Make sure that an appropriate SSL certificate is present to clone the required repositories.

```bash
# install git 
sudo apt-get -y install git-core

# install puppet
sudo apt-get -y install puppet

# install ruby-dev
sudo apt-get install ruby-dev

# install librarian-puppet
sudo gem install librarian-puppet

# checkout puppet provisioning repository and apply
git clone git@github.com:hoccer/hoccer-talk-puppet-configuration.git
cd hoccer-talk-puppet-configuration

# install puppet modules
librarian-puppet install --verbose

# export facter environment variables needed by puppet
export FACTER_talkserver_fqdn=<Talkserver URL>
export FACTER_filecache_fqdn=<Filecache URL>

# apply puppet configuration
sudo puppet apply init.pp --no-report --modulepath modules --verbose

```

## Development Setup

The provisioning can be tested on a local VM using Vagrant as follows:

```bash
# create VM
vagrant up

# log into VM
vagrant ssh

# go to shared folder on the VM
cd /vagrant

# install puppet modules
librarian-puppet install --verbose

# export facter environment variables needed by puppet
export FACTER_talkserver_fqdn=<Talkserver URL>
export FACTER_filecache_fqdn=<Filecache URL>

# apply puppet configuration
sudo puppet apply init.pp --no-report --modulepath modules --verbose
```

Commit message:

Configure variables via configure script

README.md, after:

hoccer-talk-puppet-configuration
===========================

## Requirements

* Ubuntu 14.04 LTS minimal install
* Valid talkserver and filecache certificates and private keys (see Facter configuration below)

## Production Setup

The following steps install all packages, dependencies and modules required (including this repository) and apply the puppet configuration. Make sure that an appropriate SSL certificate is present to clone the required repositories.

```bash
# install git 
sudo apt-get -y install git-core

# install puppet
sudo apt-get -y install puppet

# install ruby-dev
sudo apt-get install ruby-dev

# install librarian-puppet
sudo gem install librarian-puppet

# checkout puppet provisioning repository and apply
git clone git@github.com:hoccer/hoccer-talk-puppet-configuration.git
cd hoccer-talk-puppet-configuration

# install puppet modules
librarian-puppet install --verbose

# edit configuration.sh and then execute it with
sudo ./configure.sh

# apply puppet configuration
puppet apply init.pp --no-report --modulepath modules --verbose
```

## Development Setup

The provisioning can be tested on a local VM using Vagrant as follows:

```bash
# create VM
vagrant up

# log into VM
vagrant ssh

# go to shared folder on the VM
cd /vagrant

# install puppet modules
librarian-puppet install --verbose

# edit configuration.sh and then execute it with
sudo ./configure.sh

# apply puppet configuration
puppet apply init.pp --no-report --modulepath modules --verbose
exit
```
